[TZVETA]
It's like he said,
"Within every person's heart,
there's a place
made for you alone.
A place to separate
reality from your dreams."
Kufufu.
[TZVETA]
Somewhere the never-ending
torment of existence
cannot reach you.
No,
there's only peace
everlasting here.
-[ice crackling]
-[gasp]
I accept the cold reality
no more.
From now on,
we'll live our life here.
♪
Enveloped in the
warm days of youth.
Let me welcome you
to the inner
depths of my heart.
My Amarariruku.
♪
[STIGMA]
How lovely,
it appears that place is
very important to Tzveta.
I'm sure a hero would
abhor a heart unlike their own,
but they don't understand.
So, Tzveta,
go on,
and make a world
where your dream comes true.
[TZVETA]
It's perfect.
Amarariruku.
We've entered a space
separate from the
outside world.
A place created by my heart
where we can be free.
If we can make it permanent,
it will be better than heaven.
You created this
out of your heart?
-[thudding]
-[gasps]
[SPIRIT]
Everyone!
Oh, my...
that's rather unexpected.
-[crackling]
-[gasps]
[gasps]
Perhaps it's too much
for normal people.
I guess they
can't stay conscious
in the confines of my heart.
I'll have to be a little
kinder to them in the future.
They are such needy children,
after all.
[straining]
[bursts]
What are you doing?
Get away from her!
Kaboom!
[screams]
That, that simply won't do!
I won't let you get in her way!
You lousy Heroes
are always trying to
stand in between us
and what we want.
You think that's what
we're trying to do?
Kufufu.
I wonder if being a Hero
is any fun for you.
Are you allowed to laugh?
You guys always look angry
whenever you do anything.
That sounds terrible.
I just wanna make
the entire world laugh!
If I have to die,
I don't care one bit!
[KUFUFU] Actually, I can die
as many times as I gotta!
Boo!
Are you ready?
I'm gonna show you all
my side-splitting comedy!
-Huh?
-First
we have our opening act.
Everyone loves Slapstick!
[whimpers]
Following that up,
say hello to Buddy Bomb!
-Hold this!
-Huh?
[gasps]
[explosion]
Bleh?!
Let go!
Huh?
[retching]
[screaming]
[gags]
Congrats, Hero,
you've bested me.
[retching]
You win.
This is where I die.
Take care of her
after I'm gone.
Urk.
Huh? Wait, what?
Who's "her?"
[screaming]
JK!
[gasps]
[grunts]
That was great!
How did it make you feel?
Wasn't my skit
positively riveting?
[SHY]
Huh? What is she up to?
I have no idea
what she's gonna do next!
Huh?
[KUFUFU]
I don't wanna brag,
but I'm a magical,
endless pocket
filled with anything I want!
Bow down before...
the unstoppable might
of The Human Toy Box!
♪
Monkey says JK.
[banging]
Huh?
What the heck?
You're not laughing?
Does that mean Heroes
really aren't allowed to laugh?
I thought that was
very amusing.
Wow, did you really?
Which part did you like best?
The monkey.
The part where he was
banging cymbals.
[KUFUFU] You've got an eye
for the finer things in life!
Ook, ook, ook!
Hey, what are you
trying to accomplish
with all of this?
How does it
benefit you to fight?
[KUFUFU]
Huh? Didn't I already say?
My dream is to
make the entire world
absolutely giddy with laughter!
Could you imagine
if I had these powers
and didn't use them for good?
What a tragedy!
We should make like this
blooming flower
and try to put on a smile!
Huh? Is that a smile?
Tzveta asked me to join her
and make these people
turn those frowns upside down!
After we're done here
Amarariruku will make
flowers bloom everywhere!
See? Like this!
-How beautiful.
-Yeah!
But you're more beautiful than
anything in the whole world.
[chuckling]
No! I won't let you!
I'll put a stop to it!
Huh?
Do you see what I mean?
You're trying to
keep us from what we want.
Why do you have to be
so awful to us?
You're wasting your breath
if you think you can
reason with them.
A Hero only cares about
what they believe is right,
so they can't be bothered
to worry about us.
[gasps]
That's about enough out of you.
I've let you run your mouth
long enough!
Maybe this is going
a bit too hard on you,
but oh, well!
-[crashing]
-Wake up already!
Are you okay?
Don't let your guard down,
Teru!
[gasps]
[TZVETA]
So that's how it is.
I see.
That did wake us up,
if only a little.
Well,
I suppose your next punishment
will have to be rougher, then.
It's my turn.
[ice crackling]
-Ha!
-[gasps]
It's choppy time now!
You think I'd allow that?
-Not a chance!
-[screaming]
I'll take care of her,
you focus your attention
on the demure one over there.
Anything you say.
-Love you!
-Can this wait until later?
Okee!
[gasps]
[skidding]
-Gotcha!
-[gasps]
Flying Hammer! Go!
Enough fooling around!
Get out.
[woozy squirming]
That's quite a move you have.
Thank you.
Strong stuff.
Just like the booze I drank
when I was coming up with it
a long while back.
It's my special attack,
called Airy Blast.
I can condense
the smoke I control,
and fire it out like a cannon.
All the bad little kids come
crying about how much it hurts.
Hey, Kufufu, are you okay?
Of course, you are.
I made some ice to cushion you.
Great, now fight some more.
Huh? Oh, well, uh...
Could we talk about it?
It's not like I can't fight.
But that said,
it did hurt pretty bad.
Oh, is that so?
I guess you can't then.
You're a disappointment.
Huh? Just like that?
Maybe you could get me back
on my feet with some love?
How so?
You know, like,
talking sweetly to me,
or patting me
softly on the head!
Or you could cast a magic spell
to make the owies go away!
Abracadabra, owies go away.
Now you should go away, too.
Is that all I get?
How could you?
You're hurting me worse than
getting hit
by her special attack!
I feel like a burden!
-[TZVETA] Then go.
-[whimpers]
[KUFUFU] Why must love
be filled with pain?
Uh, it's hard to know
how to handle this.
Back me up.
I have an idea.
Everyone's still unconscious.
I want to move them to safety.
Huh?
They're putting
distance between us,
and I can't find
any way to predict them.
If this keeps up,
the children could be
caught in the fighting.
Huh?
[SPIRIT] Considering
how surprised she was
that they had fallen asleep.
I don't believe
she did it intentionally.
That means,
if we can get them out of here,
they should wake up
on their own.
That's what I'll do.
I'm going to get them
past that wall.
As for you,
you're going to watch my back.
-How's that sound?
-Huh?
Yeah!
Can do!
Hm.
I'm counting on you.
Shy!
I love you.
I love you so much!
Huh?
They're getting away!
They're running from us!
You're not going to get far.
♪
[explosion]
[SHY] I promised
we'd carry this together.
So, no matter what,
I won't let her fight alone.
I can't allow you to
get in her way!
Now!
Blazing Stroke!
Bucket of water!
Huh?
[sizzling]
[gasps]
[groaning]
JK, of course!
[TZVETA]
An effort was made.
Abracadabra, owies, owies.
Don't forget the end.
The owies won't
go away like that.
Wait! We didn't stop them
from escaping!
Nice job with the assist, Teru!
Thanks to all your effort,
we're getting out safe!
[warbling]
[reverberating]
[gasps]
♪
[TZVETA] These are the chambers
of my heart you're trapped in.
♪
Until I say,
you're not allowed to leave.
♪
[SPIRIT]
Shy.
♪
Leave her alone!
[grunts]
[exclaims]
She can stretch it out
like a giant gummy!
No! But why?
I watched you go,
and you definitely
made it through!
You should know that
I've rejected the world
outside these walls.
But that's only because
the outside world
has rejected me too.
You may try your best
to rejoin the people out there.
But no matter what,
you'll end up back here.
This is not a place to
come and go as you please.
Pesha.
Do you know
what three components
comprise a person's heart?
First, is the world,
second is emotions,
and third, memories.
This place
also has those parameters.
I've provided the emotions.
And the world is the orphanage.
♪
Which means, the memories
are all I'm missing.
After I have that final piece,
I'll have everything
to make my heart complete.
Your memories?
That's why we met
at the North Pole
and again here.
Our reunion has
led to this moment.
Just spit out
what you really want to say.
♪
Yes, well,
there's a very good reason
I explained this concept
to you in such detail.
I wanted to buy myself time.
I had to prepare my heart.
[gasps]
Hearts are made to open up.
Let me see yours.
What are you...
♪
[SHY]
Uh...I...
I'll stop them!
Like I said, you're not
allowed to interfere!
Things are just getting
interesting, after all.
Let go!
-[fire blazing]
-Right now!
[straining]
Kufufufu...
Bad news for you!
I reached into my pockets
and pulled out a totally
fireproof firefighter uniform!
-Isn't it cute?
-[straining]
Tzveta, what did you do?
I put a bit more heart
into their bodies.
My heart, to be precise.
The essence of my being,
which overflows
throughout this space,
has found a home,
rooted deep
in their subconscious.
Thanks to that, we are one.
Our hearts are connected
and begin to intertwine.
You call this a connection?
All you're doing
is controlling them.
What a malicious way
to describe this beauty.
They've become part of me,
so I have become
a part of them as well.
[zapping]
-[gasps]
-Maybe now we'll get along,
Pesha.
-[crackling]
-[grunts]
[SPIRIT]
Natalia summoned ice?
Everyone, you've gotta wake up!
If you don't,
you may never get yourselves
free from her control!
[ISAAK]
You've got it wrong, Pesha.
We're free.
Thanks to her,
our eyes are finally open.
Rather than the outside world
filled with filth.
We wish to spend
all of eternity
wrapped in the
warm blanket of paradise.
Outside these walls exists a
world without a strand of hope.
[CHILDREN] The only thing
left to save us is our youth.
[TZVETA] To grow mature
is to admit your own defeat.
[cracks]
[FEMALE ORPHAN 8C]
Come, Pesha.
[MALE ORPHAN 8A] We can
finally be happy together.
[NATALIA] Nothing remains
for us out there
but pain and suffering.
[ISAAK]
After I say my goodbyes,
the children I love vanish
into the cold void of reality.
Isaak.
♪
[FEMALE ORPHAN 8B] You'll
freeze to death out there.
But our home is warm.
[MALE ORPHAN 8A]
Please, no more pain.
[FEMALE ORPHAN 8B]
I only want to be happy.
[NATALIA]
Now you see.
All of us feel the same.
It's futile to go
see the world
when the only thing
left to be found is misery.
[ISAAK] We've chosen
this life for ourselves.
Wrapped together
in the warmth of safety.
[SPIRIT]
No. You can't.
[TZVETA]
See?
You heard them loud and clear.
And can't you relate
to how they feel,
Pesha?
[SPIRIT] You're forcing them
to say those things!
[TZVETA]
I'm not forcing anything.
This is what
they really believe.
I know the truth.
I can see deep in their hearts.
Huh?
Pepesha, look, behind you!
[grunts]
Please, how can I help?
[gasps]
This is where all of us
can live peacefully.
Everywhere else in the
outside world is too painful.
[SPIRIT]
She's trembling.
I want you to stay here
so you can be safe with us.
[FEMALE ORPHAN 8C]
I'm terrified.
[laughing]
I'm ecstatic!
I've never been better!
Why would I be scared when
I don't have to think anymore?
I'm freezing.
Save me, please.
Anybody!
[crunching]
[crash]
♪
Let her go!
[gasps]
Who do you think you are,
playing with people's hearts
like toys?
Pepesha, you need to calm down!
Not yet!
If she relaxes now,
it'll kill the mood!
Kufufufu.
[SHY]
Wait. Something's wrong.
She's here,
stopping me
instead of fighting.
And the words coming
from the captives sound...
unnatural.
It's all wrong!
It's like,
she's only interested
in making Pepesha angry.
[zapping]
[TZVETA]
Watching you lose control
as your emotions boil,
I can finally see you
for who you really are.
Huh?
This is what I've been
waiting for.
To stoke the fire in you.
[warbling]
Get away from her, quick!
She tricked you!
[SPIRIT] Is this power
she's taking from my heart?
What is she taking?
[TZVETA] I'm seeing a cold
winter night we spent together.
Pesha's tiny hand in mine.
♪
[ice cracking]
[TZVETA]
You reached out for warmth
and found nothing
but my freezing grip,
yet you chose to
grab hold anyway
as your weak fingers
wrapped around my own.
The touch of your hand now
is bringing
all of those memories back.
♪
The missing pieces I've
been lacking all this time.
Ah, I can finally see them!
[giggling]
♪
[giggles]
[ice cracking]
The candle that wouldn't
light on a shivering evening.
The uncaring moon,
looking down on us.
The lake that
sank into black abyss.
Hey, tell me...
why did everyone I love,
lie to me?
They did, and I believed in it.
But I only found one thing
outside of here.
A world that's full of shit.
[crackling]
♪
[clicks]
[TZVETA ]
I truly...
loved my time
living in this place.
[bubbling]
♪
[giggling]
[NATALIA]
Hey, Lenya. smile for us!
[chuckling]
Farewell, may you find joy.
Enjoy your life out there.
♪
[TZVETA]
I was told...
and I believed it...
that the outside world
was overflowing
with wonderful possibilities
ripe for the taking.
I was so excited to find them,
that I ran ahead
without thinking.
♪
[bubbling]
[LETANA]
"If your baby's sad,
a smile from their mother
can help cheer them up?"
♪
[bubbling]
[babbles]
[LETANA]
Welcome to life,
my precious daughter.
[bubbling]
♪
The wonderful possibilities
ripe for the taking.
♪
[bubbling]
Hey,
can someone let me know...
what those possibilities
were supposed to be?
♪
[sighs]
Everything's cold.
[ice crackling]
Mama.
♪
[crash]
Pepesha, get out!
[wind howling]